0.81.0 changelog (#4195)
treeverse/lakeFS: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.81.0

What's new:

> - Running standalone lakeFS (no postgres!) with Badger KV for experimentation purposes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run standalone lakeFS (no PostgreSQL!) with Badger KV for experimentation purposes. 
```

- Add delete operation for GC rules (#4143)

> - support aws named profile for dynamodb (#4163)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- support AWS named profile for dynamodb (#4163)
```
